This plugin was developed within the virtual learning environment LIBE, which provides inquiry-based learning for the acquisition of key information processing skills in ICT (literacy, numeracy, computer and information literacy, and problem solving). The system is specially designed for low achieving students, who might find it difficult to engage with typical learning environments due to, for example, problems in reading comprehension. In order to overcome such difficulties, LIBE is able to provide personalised word expansions (alternative explanation of a particular word) that are tailored to the individual’s ability, such as their literacy level. The system includes a learner model that entails information about the student (ability level, or literacy level etc.), which is used to generate the word expansions. Students are able to view these alternative explanations of a particular word as they wish on demand while working with the learning environment on Moodle by clicking on a particular word that entails a link and provides a mouse-over window, which includes the personalised word expansion.
The developed plugin is able to generate these personalised word expansions within Moodle courses or quizzes. It includes a learner model that can be initialised through domain specific quizzes and questionnaires. The learner model is then used to provide word expansions (alternative explanations of a particular word) to students that are tailored to their specific knowledge, such as their ability level (high, medium, low).


Installation:

Download and install in your /local folder in moodle's wwwroot